fix: RemoteFlowType.CROSS_DEVICE is always detected (#490)
italia/eudi-wallet-it-python: docs/OPENID4VP-SATOSA-BACKEND.md

### Security

Root section for security configuration.

| Key                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|-------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | config.security.accepted_referer_criteria | An optional list of regular expressions that are matched against the HTTP_REFERER header of an incoming request. <br/> If the referer matches one of these regex patterns, the system will force the same-device flow (SAME_DEVICE) even if the client is on a desktop or non-mobile device. <br/> This enables use cases where a user already has a credential in their wallet and is scanning a QR code to obtain a new credential, allowing authentication using the existing PID without requiring a cross-device flow. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| config.force_same_device_flow_referer_criteria | An optional list of regular expressions that are matched against the HTTP_REFERER header of an incoming request. <br/> If the referer matches one of these regex patterns, the system will force the same-device flow (SAME_DEVICE) even if the client is on a desktop or non-mobile device. <br/> This enables use cases where a user already has a credential in their wallet and is scanning a QR code to obtain a new credential, allowing authentication using the existing PID without requiring a cross-device flow. |
```

I would put it swithin the security context, since its purpose is about interop only and same device flow

therefore also the name of the parameter must be more eloquent, such as the one suggested above

Author: View commit:
[fix: RemoteFlowType.CROSS_DEVICE is always detected, rename properties for forcing](https://github.com/italia/eudi-wallet-it-python/pull/490/commits/fcd9dbd7ae1ca2a670eebb569979fb88f6684804)

> | config.force_same_device_flow_referer_criteria | An optional list of regular expressions that are matched against the HTTP_REFERER header of an incoming request. <br/> If the referer matches one of these regex patterns, the system will force the same-device flow (SAME_DEVICE) even if the client is on a desktop or non-mobile device. <br/> This enables use cases where a user already has a credential in their wallet and is scanning a QR code to obtain a new credential, allowing authentication using the existing PID without requiring a cross-device flow. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| config.force_same_device_flow_referer_criteria | An optional list of regular expressions that are matched against the HTTP_REFERER header of an incoming request. <br/> If the referer matches one of these regex patterns, the system will force the same-device flow (SAME_DEVICE) even if the client is on a desktop or non-mobile device. <br/> This enables use cases where a wallet instance is provided as Single Page Application (eg: wwWallet). |
```
